So our page is clearly taking shape,
I like the look of it already.
Now I want to add a new section to it,
I want to add another section on this product landing page which we're essentially creating here, where
we present the core features of our hosting service to the user.
For this, I want to have a clear and strong background color and I want to have some key figures which
we present to the customer. For that, attached to this video,
you'll find another HTML file which holds the code for the next section we add below the other
section, so below the plan section
but before we close the main part and this section here has another section title and then it has an
unordered list of a couple of list items where each has an empty div, so we can add something there
and where each has some advertising text, some key figure, whatever.
Now this is the next section we'll work on, if we save that with that code added and we reload the page,
we'd of course only see the unstyled version of it.
Now the idea is to turn it into this,
so let's work on this together.